BUILD-9053 releasability for gh actions docs (#97)
SonarSource/gh-action_releasability: README.md

To show releasability status of the latest promoted version from the default branch,

#### Usage with GitHub Actions pipelines

##### Option 1: Create a separate workflow file (recommended)

Create a dedicated `releasability.yml` workflow that triggers after your build workflow completes:

###### .github/workflows/build.yml

> The workflow must include name: Build because the releasability workflow references this workflow's completion as a trigger.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The workflow must include `name: Build` because the releasability workflow references this workflow's name in the trigger.
```

###### .github/workflows/releasability.yml

> [!IMPORTANT]
> This event will only trigger a workflow run if the workflow file exists on the default branch.

```yaml
name: Releasability Status
on:
  workflow_run:

>     workflows: ["Build"]  # Name must match the build workflow

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    workflows: ["Build"]  # Name must match the name of the build workflow
```

    types: [completed]
    branches:
      - master
      - dogfood-*
      - branch-*

jobs:
  releasability-status:
    name: Releasability status
    runs-on: sonar-xs # Use any runner
    permissions:
      id-token: write
      statuses: write
      contents: read
    if: github.event.workflow_run.conclusion == 'success'
    steps:
      - uses: SonarSource/gh-action_releasability/releasability-status@v2
        with:
          optional_checks: "Jira"
        env:
          GITHUB_TOKEN: ${{ github.token }}
```

This approach provides complete separation of concerns - your build workflow focuses on
building and testing, while the releasability workflow handles release readiness checks.

##### Option 2: Create a separate job with dependency

```yaml
name: Build
on:
  push:
    branches:
      - master
      - dogfood-*
      - branch-*

jobs:

>   build-linux:
>     name: Build Linux
>     runs-on: sonar-xs # Use any runner
>     permissions:
>       id-token: write
>       contents: read
>     steps:
>       # Build job steps
>       ...
> 
>   promote:
>     name: Promote
>     runs-on: sonar-xs # Use any runner
>     permissions:
>       id-token: write
>       contents: read
>     steps:
>       # Promote job steps
>       ...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  build:
    # build job configuration
  promote:
    needs: build
    # promote job configuration
```

          optional_checks: "Jira"
        env:
          GITHUB_TOKEN: ${{ github.token }}
```

##### Option 3: Add as a step in your existing build job

```yaml
name: Build
on:
  push:
    branches:
      - master
      - dogfood-*
      - branch-*
  pull_request:

jobs:
  build:
    name: Build
    runs-on: sonar-xs # Use any runner
    permissions:
      id-token: write
      contents: read
      statuses: write
    steps:
      # Build and promote job steps
      ...
      # Add releasability status check after build steps
      - uses: SonarSource/gh-action_releasability/releasability-status@v2
        if: >-
          github.ref_name == github.event.repository.default_branch ||
          startsWith(github.ref_name, 'dogfood-') ||
          startsWith(github.ref_name, 'branch-')
        with:
          optional_checks: "Jira"
        env:
          GITHUB_TOKEN: ${{ github.token }}
```

#### Legacy: Usage with CirrusCI pipelines

> **Note**: This example is for projects still using CirrusCI. For GitHub Actions pipelines, use the examples above.

```yaml
name: Releasability status
'on':
    check_suite:
        types: [completed]
jobs:
    update_releasability_status:

>         runs-on: github-ubuntu-latest-s # Use any runner

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        runs-on: sonar-xs # Use any runner
```
